_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Product and IT Professional with experience in content marketing, risk and regulation, and organized labor

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>harpereatkins@gmail.com/p>
    <p>Portland, OR, USA</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

First major customization
Includes a bulleted list of projects

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Product and IT Professional with experience in content marketing, risk and regulation, and organized labor

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address:
    <p>harpereatkins@gmail.com</p>
    <p>Portland, OR, USA</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Welcome to my site! You can [take a look at my resume](/cv) or get to know me through [my projects](/projects). Some things I've been a major/sole contributor to include:
* Retrograde, a text-based build-your-own-adventure platformer made for a 72-hour game development competition. [Play it](https://wakeless.studio/demos/retrograde/index.html) or [check out what people had to say](https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/41/retrograde/comments)!
* [Anew](anew.harperatkins.org), an app that helps parents-to-be and transgender people choose names using data from the Social Security Administration and some light statistical work (a work in progress!)
* Looking Glass, a horror game for virtual reality in which players must use a hand mirror to peer through the darkness. [It's on Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1272530/Looking_Glass/)!
